two blues out the world just singing a
song just singing a song glory
hallelujah I this poem properly why get
ready to call
go to phone
just roll it along general it along
sorry hallelujah
get ready to call just like
humpty-dumpty
just rolling along
you swing you sway you rise you fall you
pivot and perform Ginger Rogers I loved
it second chance at a first impression
first impression fantastic oh-ho but you
were like this big of x20 on the floor
not be swayed very few people do that
rising for fantastic you're gonna fall
off that like hey Chris you know
let's have a happy ending absolutely
timing was excellent but those asses
were very very clumsy I don't know what
that
being caught in the dress if ship you
will wonder for your mother believe them
yeah another day they argue yet they
argue too much as a penny thank you